Dominique Pozo: Hey there.
Hi.
Dominique Pozo: Good day, too. Yeah.
Heather Pepin: Same to you.
Dominique Pozo: or good evening.
Dominique Pozo: I'm four hours behind. Yeah.
Heather Pepin: Yeah. Where do you live,
Dominique Pozo: In Hawaii.
Heather Pepin: Oh, wow. Nice.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I was living in New Mexico for like five years and then moved here, but I still have my license there. Sigh I get to work with you all. Yes.
Heather Pepin: I was up there, nice pretty
Dominique Pozo: It's so nice. Yeah, I feel very blessed to be here. Yeah.
Heather Pepin: Yeah, here.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, great. So, so what we're going to do is just a very basic assessment and it's kind of like an interview. I'm just going to ask you some some pretty basic. Historical questions, and
Dominique Pozo: And I'm going to be typing as we do this actually need to lower my computer. So I can type
Dominique Pozo: I'll be typing as we do it so that
Dominique Pozo: Just so you know.
Dominique Pozo: I'll be looking down, looking like I'm doing something, but I'm totally with you. I'm just doing this so
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Alright, so would you tell me a little bit about what brought you to the program, what led up to this point that you decided to, you know, come into recovery.
Heather Pepin: Okay, so, from about 2008 to 2016 17
Heather Pepin: I was using opiates. I had had a foot surgery and it just led me to keep wanting to do them and I, we just got really bad. I was doing like 15 or 20 pills a day for those years. Um, I caught. I got arrested in 2016 for chuck in charge and possession
Heather Pepin: And then in 2017 of September. I got sentenced to nine years to DLC.
Dominique Pozo: Hold on, wait, can you, I'm sorry. I'm just trying to keep up typing.
Dominique Pozo: That's okay i'm i'm like hearing it all, but I can't keep up with a title.
Heather Pepin: So,
Dominique Pozo: Did you say in 2015 you were arrested. The first time 2016 16 okay
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And then, and then, when was the next one.
Heather Pepin: In September 2017 I was sentenced to nine years DLC with five years suspended. So I did. I supposed to do, for I did two and a half with good time.
Heather Pepin: I was raised was released October 2 of
Heather Pepin: And then I was put on parole for two years and probation for five
Dominique Pozo: So you're still in probation.
Heather Pepin: Yeah. Um, yeah, I only been out six months.
Heather Pepin: Seven almost seven months, oh seven months actually. Yeah, seven. Um, so
Heather Pepin: It's kind of hard getting out starting all over
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yep permission.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Heather Pepin: And I have cravings. So my friend told me about the program.
Heather Pepin: So I thought I tried to see if it helps me
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And
Dominique Pozo: What was it like, were you using when you were incarcerated or
Heather Pepin: I did some smarts. It was the first time I had ever heard of it. Was it is it of course
Heather Pepin: I did it here and there. Yes.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, um,
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and before before you were arrested and
Dominique Pozo: And then sentence. Had you tried any recovery programs or programs. No. No. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So this is the first one.
Heather Pepin: Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Heather Pepin: I go through counseling. I am HR as well.
Heather Pepin: And I do groups then through them and also
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. Like an IoT program or something.
Heather Pepin: I LP, it's just
Heather Pepin: A month CCP is what they call it through the floor probation. So it's, I was doing three groups, a week and then one one on one, but I'm down to one one group, a week. I only have two groups left to finish my six month program.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, great. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: But I'm hoping
Heather Pepin: That's going to
Heather Pepin: Help me to continue in my recovery.
Dominique Pozo: And, um, what have you found supportive from these groups.
Heather Pepin: I'm just, it kind of keeps me busy and then carried other people that relate to us, they kind of know exactly what we experienced. So that's been good to know that I'm not alone.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: I was typing and i i have to switch screen as I'm typing, but I, I, I thought I heard your voice cracked a little is that bringing up
Dominique Pozo: Is it bringing up the motion for you or am I miss hearing. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm now I'm not looking at what I'm typing. I'm looking at you on the screen. What I'm what what's coming up.
Heather Pepin: It's just hard.
Heather Pepin: I just don't want to mess up again.
Heather Pepin: And it's hard. No. Well, I live with my brother. He's very supportive, but
Heather Pepin: He's never done anything in his life. So it's kind of hard to talk to him because he doesn't know exactly what I
Dominique Pozo: can't relate as others who've been through it and yeah
Heather Pepin: So it's kind of hard.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Heather Pepin: So there's it, I'm doing good. So
Heather Pepin: Sorry.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, please. This is a. So I'm going to switch back. I'm just going to save this. Because if I don't save it. It deletes everything I tight and
Dominique Pozo: It's fine. So this is what I do. I'm a therapist I I sit with people through difficult times. And I have a therapist to and I'm
Dominique Pozo: Often in tears crying with my therapist, so
Dominique Pozo: Please, I, I mean as you wish. If you want to stop the tears, that's fine. And I just want you to know there's so welcome and
Dominique Pozo: Thank you. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I mean, it sounds like you've been through a lot, you know, and you're just freshly out of prison. There's a lot to read and there's a lot to the reintegration process and
Dominique Pozo: You know, I don't know how your experience was through all this but I imagine there's been some trauma along the way it's traumatizing to be locked up.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Heather Pepin: I mean, that was the first time I had ever been in trouble. Ever. My first risk ever in my life. So like that wasn't something that I ever want to do again.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Heather Pepin: I'm just trying to go about it the right way.
Dominique Pozo: Well, it sounds like you are. It sounds like you're following the program that you you were asked to be participate in and getting the support with the groups and your individual therapy and your you've got a job. It sounds like
Dominique Pozo: Yes. Yeah, sounds like you're doing everything and I i think i just want to normalize what you're going through that, you know, it's
Dominique Pozo: It's it's well i i i know it's shocking for the system to be locked for your personal body emotional system to be locked up, and then to come back out after going through that as another shock. Yeah.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Let's, um, let's take a moment and just take a few deep breaths. So part of working with trauma and building that resilience inside, again, is to, you know, start to self regulate
Dominique Pozo: More frequently. And that's an easy way to do that as their deep breath work. So let's just if you want to keep your eyes open and just lightly focus on something in front of you just taking a few deep breaths.
Dominique Pozo: And just feeling whatever you're sitting on whatever has your back. If you're leaning up against something just feeling that support.
Dominique Pozo: And really acknowledging you know what you've moved through and where you're at now. And, you know, here you are living with your brother, you're, you're working you're showing up for your recovery.
Dominique Pozo: I mean, I want to thank you for coming, half the folks that I make sessions with often don't show up. So I'm going to just say thank you for coming.
Heather Pepin: Thank you for being here.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, just let's let's take a moment, rub your hands together.
Dominique Pozo: And if you just want to place them anywhere that feels like you could use a little soothing. So like for me right now. I feel my heart space in my low belly.
Dominique Pozo: You know, so whatever part of your body, you know, it could be a cheek can be your shoulder whatever wherever it feels good to just make some contact and and let yourself know like, Hey, I'm right here. I'm here, I'm listening.
Dominique Pozo: To, you know, the part that's maybe scared and having a hard time
Dominique Pozo: Then before we carry on and move on. Just imagine
Dominique Pozo: Some place in your life that is a safe a safe place. A good place, a place where you can relax and enjoy.
Dominique Pozo: And surrender. You know, you can like let yourself just be to have a place like that. And it could be a memory. It could be from when you were little, or maybe somewhere you went last week, whatever at somewhere that feels. That's a good good feelings come up
Heather Pepin: Over here at all. I'd rather just talk
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Well, that is amazing. That's so great that your actual home is a safe sanctuary.
Dominique Pozo: Yes. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So just for a moment, just let it in, you know, letting in the reality that you're actually
Dominique Pozo: You're in a good place right now physically
Dominique Pozo: Does it, does this feel like a good time to keep maybe going over some historical stuff.
Heather Pepin: Yes. No.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: I'm
Dominique Pozo: Okay, how about children. Do you have any children.
Heather Pepin: Yes, my lap three boys. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And where do they live.
Heather Pepin: Close it is my mom.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And how old are they
Heather Pepin: 1412 at night.
Dominique Pozo: And how would you say your relationship with them is
Heather Pepin: I'm building it back. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Do you think that's going, how is that going
Heather Pepin: It's going well. Uh huh.
Okay.
Heather Pepin: Boy, at first it was hard.
But
Heather Pepin: She really didn't let me see them at first when I got home and I didn't have no contact all the time, I was like to
Heather Pepin: Have but now every time that I asked to go. She allows me to go. So, you know,
I'm good.
Dominique Pozo: What do you all enjoy being together.
Heather Pepin: Um, we talk about old memories.
Mm hmm.
Heather Pepin: play basketball, football.
Heather Pepin: Watch to play the video game was like, nah, let me watch, watch us play
Dominique Pozo: Oh,
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Heather Pepin: Oh yeah boys are boys.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Well, that's sweet. It sounds like they're they're inviting you into the world to celebrate what they're doing. Yes. Yeah. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Where's their father.
Heather Pepin: Their lives, they never have it.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Um,
Dominique Pozo: Last
Dominique Pozo: Question for this portion and then I'll move on to the next one. Have you ever had suicidal thoughts or been suicidal or attempted it.
Heather Pepin: No, no.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: So here, this, this section is about your psychological history. So have you ever been diagnosed for any mood disorders or anything.
Dominique Pozo: When he
Heather Pepin: Got out of prison um yeah i i just have anxiety that I take medication for
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, um,
Dominique Pozo: Alright and so I'm going to ask a little bit about your family history.
Dominique Pozo: Has your mother. Has she had any history of any like
Dominique Pozo: Mental disorder.
Dominique Pozo: In her lineage.
Know,
Dominique Pozo: How about substance abuse addiction issues know
Heather Pepin: You're asking about my mom right
Dominique Pozo: Yes.
Oh, yeah.
Dominique Pozo: How, how is your relationship with your mom.
Heather Pepin: I really don't have one.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Heather Pepin: Working on it.
Dominique Pozo: Has it always been like that or did that just happen to
Heather Pepin: Prison I caught my cases.
Dominique Pozo: How was it before.
Dominique Pozo: Oh,
Heather Pepin: Go ahead for that. Before that, we were really close. Like, I worked for her for eight years. She was my boss at my job, like we did everything together and then I cut my case that you just like please shut me out.
Heather Pepin: monographs tissue real quick. Okay.
Sure.
Dominique Pozo: Yep.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: Well, that sounds, that sounds like another layer of pain that your relationship with your mom was impacted so deeply
Dominique Pozo: Yes, yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and how are you guys beginning to work on it. What's that looking like
Oh,
Heather Pepin: I mean, she has my boys, so
Heather Pepin: Like when I first started going to see them like she wouldn't say anything to me but I these past few weeks, like we've been talking a lot more. She's been asking, I'm doing because we're so like we're building it up. But, step by step, it's gonna take a lot
Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: About your father. What, what was your relationship like with your father.
Heather Pepin: When I was younger, he was in prison.
Heather Pepin: He's been out since I was like
Heather Pepin: The team. He's been out since but
Heather Pepin: We had a drug addiction.
Heather Pepin: Doesn't anymore. But he did for 30 something years
Dominique Pozo: What was he using
Methamphetamines
Heather Pepin: But we are close now he was there for me the whole time I was locked up and
Heather Pepin: I go see him quite often. And I talked to him daily
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: So he sounds like he's a great support for, you know,
Heather Pepin: He is now. Yes.
Heather Pepin: He was really the only one that was there for me. I was locked up so
Dominique Pozo: Wow.
Heather Pepin: I didn't talk to anybody else in my family, but
Dominique Pozo: Well, that's interesting. I imagine that, you know, since he went through such similar things you guys could actually relate and what a gift that you have somebody to connect with that's family.
Dominique Pozo: I imagine to that probably stirs up a lot for your mom, you know, that maybe that's where some of the kind of just cutting you off, it probably hit a really deep chord.
Heather Pepin: Right yeah cuz I was
Heather Pepin: The only one out of five kids to
Heather Pepin: Go to present or my brother went after me, but I was the first one for kids and I'm the youngest so
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And. Is your dad a father of all your siblings.
Heather Pepin: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm just writing this down so you had five four siblings or
Heather Pepin: Yeah, I have two brothers two sisters
Dominique Pozo: And. You're the youngest
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Anything else that you think would be important for me to know about your family.
Heather Pepin: My brother has a drug addiction to he's clean now that he thought out to but
Heather Pepin: He's done, same as my dad for many, many years.
Heather Pepin: I don't have relationships with either my sisters
Dominique Pozo: Don't
Know,
Heather Pepin: My sister has a drug addiction to she still does. To this day,
Dominique Pozo: Your sister does too.
Heather Pepin: Yeah, my sister. Yes.
Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: What is she addicted to
Methamphetamine
Dominique Pozo: Anything else I should know
Dominique Pozo: Where were you born
Heather Pepin: In Mexico.
Dominique Pozo: Intimate question and
Dominique Pozo: Have you, have you had any sexual abuse in your history that you're aware of or
Heather Pepin: No, no.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And it sounded to me. What I heard was fathers are your three boys do they have the same father, they different name.
Heather Pepin: All have different dads.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And do that any of them. Did they ever. Was there any abuse.
Dominique Pozo: Present with any of them. No.
Dominique Pozo: Far, did you go with your, with your schooling.
Heather Pepin: Um, I graduated and I went to college for one year just did my basics and then that was it.
Dominique Pozo: And where you currently employed. No.
Sonic.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And how would you name your financial status. What if you could put words to it, what would they be
Heather Pepin: I'm
Heather Pepin: Like how do you mean by
Like
Dominique Pozo: Stable. I've got enough for
Heather Pepin: I'm stable.
OK.
Dominique Pozo: Aside from your father.
Dominique Pozo: Do you have any other emotional support at the moment.
Heather Pepin: My brother. Okay.
Heather Pepin: And his wife.
Heather Pepin: That's who I live with.
Heather Pepin: Right. Yes.
Dominique Pozo: Great. And do you have any hobbies.
Heather Pepin: Um, no. I like to do my my niece's nails a lot or like to do hair. I like to read
Uh huh.
Heather Pepin: Cool. Okay. I didn't have no daughter so
Heather Pepin: Nice.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, sweet. Yeah.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Alright, so we're getting towards the end here, the intake.
Dominique Pozo: So let's see. Let's think of some short term goals. So I'm thinking, let's see, we're in May, June, July, by the end of July. Can you think of like five short term goals that are, you know, realistic that you think you can really show up for for yourself.
Heather Pepin: I'm hoping demo face.
Okay.
Heather Pepin: I want to try to be able to have my kids stay with me for like a night yourself working on that.
Heather Pepin: Just staying sober.
Heather Pepin: I finished my counseling next week through me char. So I just want to be able to continue this one is, and I had a question is group every week.
Heather Pepin: Yes. Okay. At the same time,
Heather Pepin: Yes. Okay, I just wanted to make sure
Yep.
Dominique Pozo: And then we can talk about our schedule. But, you know, you're welcome to see me weekly or every other week, whatever, whatever, however much support you need.
Heather Pepin: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: If you're counting is going to end there for sure.
Dominique Pozo: Look, yes. Make sure that you're seeing that we're at least seen each other every other week. And if you want it every week. That's great.
Okay.
Heather Pepin: Let's see.
Heather Pepin: Really no
Heather Pepin: Was it really just my main goals. I want to try it out of a conversation with my mom, sit down, actually talk to her.
Heather Pepin: I've been trying to what I just have it and I need to. I just keep putting it off.
Dominique Pozo: But that sounds like a good idea to me.
Heather Pepin: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: That could be something I can kind of work on and prepare you for before you do it and we get really clear on unless you're already clear and you know what you want to say and
Dominique Pozo: What's that
Heather Pepin: I don't yet.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay.
Dominique Pozo: So that could be that, that sounds to me like a definite focus of
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, just maybe going through, like all the parts that are maybe scary to address or painful and and really, you know, we can role play, you can practice it with me and kind of warm yourself up to do that before you actually do it. It helps a lot.
Heather Pepin: Thanks.
Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: One more. Do you feel good.
Heather Pepin: I feel okay with those with should oh
Dominique Pozo: That sounds good. That's a lot. It's
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: That's enough.
Heather Pepin: I think you should
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Okay, right.
Dominique Pozo: Now, what, what about a one long term goal, what would be a long term goal that you might have for yourself.
Heather Pepin: Having my kids activate custody.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: So this is part of the relapse prevention just kind of getting some clarity and naming it. Are you aware of any particular things that trigger you emotionally
Heather Pepin: Oh,
Heather Pepin: Yeah, Peter Alfred's
Heather Pepin: Okay. Oh.
Heather Pepin: Also back in 2017 I'm on or 20 oh I saw two people get killed.
Heather Pepin: Oh boy. So going over there like triggers be
Heather Pepin: To those apartments.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that sounds pretty traumatic actually
Heather Pepin: Yeah, so I tried to avoid that area.
Dominique Pozo: I don't know. What do you mean for 20 the date or
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and what's the area.
Heather Pepin: It's the Clovis apartments.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Were you afraid for your life that day.
Heather Pepin: I was yes. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: How about relationship triggers anything that you're aware of that triggers you related to relationships.
Heather Pepin: Um, no, I really don't go anywhere. I read staple. So I just haven't really read it to do.
Heather Pepin: Anything that big yet to trigger me I just tried to avoid everything and like, that's my brother, my dad are clean because we used to get together. So there's not an issue there. Yeah, so
Heather Pepin: I don't really have any relationship.
Heather Pepin: Bullets
Dominique Pozo: About event or situation triggers.
Heather Pepin: No.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right. And how about what healthy coping skills have you gathered along the way, since you either maybe in prison. You learn some or when he got out.
Heather Pepin: Like I just take a walk. I'm
Heather Pepin: Having like a bad day. I, I told my niece, a lot. She's like, I just didn't talk with her.
Heather Pepin: I have a good friend. His name is Chris I knew the advice I call him. He's a good person to talk to. He tries to be very supportive of it.
Heather Pepin: And then my brother. I talked to my brother a lot
Dominique Pozo: And then
Dominique Pozo: If you were like in a some sort of crisis, what, who would you call
Heather Pepin: My brother.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: This is kind of like the healthy coping skills, but maybe something else will come to your mind what what self soothing actions. Do you know work for you or self care practices.
Heather Pepin: Oh, I just come by rule. It just stay in the quiet, just try to clear my head, keep my mind off the other the
Heather Pepin: Other counseling, we do like meditation. I've never done that before.
Heather Pepin: So like
Heather Pepin: That I kind of just commit to it.
Heather Pepin: Kind of like what we did with the breathing technique.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Great.
Alright.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, um, that well that's it. That's all for the intake so
Dominique Pozo: So we'll, we'll probably end shortly here and I just want to check in. So what I'm so how often would you like to meet. We can do weekly. We can do it every other week. But it's what do you, what would you like to do
Heather Pepin: Do every other week and see how that goes. And if I find it boring, then we can schedule it for
Dominique Pozo: Sure that's
Dominique Pozo: That sounds great. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so let's look at our calendars, we can put the same
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: I can see you on the 14th. That's a little over week but that's that's my next opening here.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, um,
Heather Pepin: Would you like the same time if you have that available or
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, but this that works. Totally. So 7:30pm
Okay.
Yeah.
Heather Pepin: When I call it, I call it to the virtual clinic in
Heather Pepin: Every time
Dominique Pozo: They do. Yep.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, you always got to go through the virtual clinic, it's
Heather Pepin: Making sure I do it right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, yeah, yeah. Okay. All right. Well, how are you, let's just take one more. Just kind of moment to self connect and
Dominique Pozo: Just taking a deep a few deep breaths and as you do that, filling both sides of your chest, the front and the back
Dominique Pozo: Really feel filling that hole thoracic cavity with some
Dominique Pozo: Good oxygen. And then as you exhale, just really feeling your feet on the ground.
Dominique Pozo: Letting everything drop towards the ground, your shoulders, your eyebrows.
Dominique Pozo: Your chest your belly.
Dominique Pozo: Really using that exhale as a good release.
Dominique Pozo: Anything you want to ask me anything. Know any questions you have. I just want to, you know, be transparent for you with anything that you may be wondering
Heather Pepin: No, I think I'm okay for now, just make sure I got everything right.
Heather Pepin: So group will be this would dig in at 730
Dominique Pozo: Yes.
Dominique Pozo: Yes, this Wednesday at 730 it's every Wednesday at something
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. So then, yeah. And then next week, I'll see you Thursday after group for individual
Heather Pepin: Okay. Oh, I don't know if you know about this. But how does it work with Chris like how often are my appointments or
Dominique Pozo: I don't, I think it's more you have your initial meeting with him, which I think you already had your take. And then, unless you are having medical questions and concerns you don't meet with him more. You only see him in group.
Heather Pepin: Okay, okay.
Dominique Pozo: And if you have questions, you can totally set a session up with him, but it's not like ours are more regular the therapy.
Dominique Pozo: Room part and his or his or just the weekly medical check ins.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay.
Heather Pepin: All right, thank you so much.
Dominique Pozo: You're welcome, Heather. Have a great evening.
Heather Pepin: Thank you.
Dominique Pozo: Nice to talk with you and know more about you.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Bye bye.